nodes orchestration updated for upgrade predicates (#697)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/nodes-orchestration.md

* Adjust the Elasticsearch [index settings](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-indices-put-settings) to a number of replicas that allow the desired node removal.
* Use [`auto_expand_replicas`](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/index-settings/index-modules.md) to automatically adjust the replicas to the number of data nodes in the cluster.

## Advanced control during rolling upgrades [k8s-advanced-upgrade-control]

During {{es}} rolling upgrades, ECK follows a set of rules (also known as predicates) to ensure the upgrade process is safe and does not put the cluster at risk. For example, one of these predicates ensures that only a single master node is upgraded at a time, while another prevents nodes from being restarted if the cluster is in a red state.

These predicates can be selectively disabled for certain scenarios where the ECK operator will not proceed with an Elasticsearch cluster upgrade because it deems it to be "unsafe".

> For a complete list of available predicates, their meaning and a use case example, refer to [ECK upgrade predicates](cloud-on-k8s://reference/upgrade-predicates.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of available predicates, their meaning, and example usage, refer to [ECK upgrade predicates](cloud-on-k8s://reference/upgrade-predicates.md).
```
